what do you think you're honking at huh
what you don't like the way I know you
want a piece of me what's coming out get
you some huh where you people now while
you can't get off by anybody better than
me fuck you guys oh my life away you
will see ha ha ha the trunk monkey a
revolutionary idea you'll only find
suburban Auto Group bending approval by
Attorney General
all right back in the truck your hat is
fabulous
not if we don't give us a ticket today
and just a warning license and
registration
ok this your monkey the truck monkey a
revolutionary idea you'll only find it
suburban Auto Group
[Music]
the trunk monkey that retrieval system
because sometimes getting your car back
is simply not enough another
revolutionary idea you'll only find at
suburban Auto Group pending approval by
Department of Agriculture
here we are I still can't believe my dad
let's even touch his new car I think it
came with the car hey wait the trunk
monkey chaperone version an innovative
idea you'll only find at suburban Auto
Group